Add blend modes and blend groups for compositing (#31162)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/release/next_whats_new/blend_modes.rst

Blending and compositing artists
--------------------------------

There are now alternative options for blending and compositing artists on top

> of previously drawn artists, instead of the normal alpha blending.  The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are now alternative options, to normal alpha blending, for blending and compositing artists on top of previously drawn artists.  The
```
I dunno that I like my suggestion either, but this sentence feels a bit wonky

Author: Now reworded
